RMTEAM-675 Prepare static & dynamic dependencies as nuget packages fo… (#1)
re-motion/ThirdPartyDependencies: System.Web/NOTICES.txt

re-motion Framework
www.re-motion.org
Copyright (c) rubicon IT GmbH, www.rubicon.eu

This software embeds code from "ASP.NET WebForms".
Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation

> Original software available from "https://github.com/microsoft/referencesource" or "https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Original software available from "https://github.com/microsoft/referencesource".

Relevant code contains a copy of "https://github.com/microsoft/referencesource/tree/08b84d13e81cfdbd769a557b368539aac6a9cb30/System.Web" and related code parts.
```

Relevant code code parts:

>       System.Web
>       System.Web.ApplicationServices
>       System.Web.DynamicData
>       System.Web.Entity
>       System.Web.Extensions
>       System.Web.Extensions.Data.Linq
>       System.Web.RegularExpressions
>       System.Web.Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* System.Web
* System.Web.ApplicationServices
* System.Web.DynamicData
* System.Web.Entity
* System.Web.Extensions
* System.Web.Extensions.Data.Linq
* System.Web.RegularExpressions
* System.Web.Services
```

Whitespace is usally stripped in web display. Using * as bullet point indicator, we also have an extra hint in case linewraps are lost.
